"I hear and I forget.
	 I see and I remember.
	 I do and I understand."
	 - Confucius
	This methodology dates back to centuries, yet applies to date. Success comes to those who at least try and improve on their shortcomings. 
	 
	I express my gratitude to the Deloitte and InsideSherpa team for giving me this opportunity to "learn by doing".
	I am Amandeep Kaur, pursuing a Bachelor's in Technology from IGDTUW, India.
	 
	I appreciate the virtual internship initiative by the team as it provides an insight into the working experience in the corporate world.
	 
	I hereby share my experience with the same :
	 
	The internship had various modules that corresponded with the business strategy followed by the organization.
	 
	In the Technology strategy and Innovation module, the problem statement was to design software for online banking.
	Through this module, I learned how to define a project approach by analyzing the advantages and the consequences of 
	technology aspects before developing an approach.
	The module taught how to Design a business case which reflected the overview of costs, benefits, and considerations and finally developing an 
	implementation plan for the same.
	 
	 
	Optimization and Delivery Module was more related to finance and strategy planning for delivering the accounting software for the firm SectorMetric.
	A market scan was conducted to analyze the potential solutions on various services and capabilities and vendors were shortlisted.
	Through the RSP module, I learned to estimate the cost for vendors through experience in the market and designed an implementation plan 
	giving details of the milestones achieved throughout the 6 weeks.
	 
	The last module introduced the concept of cloud computing.
	The problem statement was that a large Australian University planned its IT portfolio spend over the next 5 years, making cloud a potential 
	option for the same.
	 
	Task 1 introduced me to the application of cloud computing in real-life scenarios. I was able to analyze the benefits of a cloud-based model 
	would offer to a University.
	The risks and considerations are to be taken into account while making a transition from a traditional to a cloud-based model.
	Through the Cloud Readiness Assessment, I was able to determine whether an application would be apt for cloud or not based upon
	various factors like data security,customization, dependencies, etc.
	 
	At each level, the model work prepared by the Deloitte team helped me recognize and ameliorate my submission.
	 
	Thanks to Deloitte and InsideSherpa team, I had an enriching and knowledgeful experience.
	 

